[INTPLAT-448] DDSaaS: Temporal Cloud Crawler Integration v1.0.0 (#19250)
DataDog/integrations-core: temporal_cloud/README.md

## Overview

> [Temporal Cloud][1] is a scalable platform for orchestrating complex workflows, with built-in reliability, resilience and timing controls enabling developers to focus on application logic without worrying about fault tolerance and consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Temporal Cloud][1] is a scalable platform for orchestrating complex workflows, with built-in reliability, resilience, and timing controls. Temporal Cloud enables developers to focus on application logic without worrying about fault tolerance and consistency.
```

> This integration collects Temporal Cloud metrics and directs them into Datadog to provide insights into system health, workflow efficiency, task execution and performance bottlenecks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration collects Temporal Cloud metrics and directs them into Datadog to provide insights into system health, workflow efficiency, task execution, and performance bottlenecks.
```

> This integration collects Temporal Cloud metrics and directs them into Datadog to provide insights into system health, workflow efficiency, task execution, and performance bottlenecks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration gathers Temporal Cloud metrics into Datadog, offering insights into system health, workflow efficiency, task execution, and performance bottlenecks.
```

## Setup

> ### Generate Metrics Endpoint URL in Temporal Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generate a Metrics endpoint URL in Temporal Cloud
```

> 1. In order to generate security CA Certificate and End-entity Certificate refer to this [link][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To generate a CA certificate and an end-entity certificate, see [certificate management][2].
```

>     - **Note**: It is recommended to define longer expiry duration of the certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Note**: An expired root CA certificate invalidates all downstream certificates. To avoid disruptions to your systems, use certificates with long validity periods.
```

> 2. Log in to [Temporal Cloud][3] with an Account Owner or Global Admin role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log in to [Temporal Cloud][3] with an account owner or global admin role.
```

> 3. Go to **Settings** and select the **Observability** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to **Settings**, and select the **Observability** tab.
```

> 4. Under the **Certificates** section, add your root CA certificate (.pem file content) and save it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under the **Certificates** section, add your root CA certificate (`.pem` file content) and save it.
```

    - **Note**: If an observability endpoint is already set up, you can append your root CA certificate.

> 5. Click **Save** to generate the endpoint URL under the **Endpoint** section. The URL will look like: https://<account_id>.tmprl.cloud/prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Save** to generate the endpoint URL under the **Endpoint** section. The URL should look like: `https://<account_id>.tmprl.cloud/prometheus`.
```

### Connect your Temporal Cloud account to Datadog

> 1. Add your Account ID, End-entity Certificate file content and End-entity Certificate key file content    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add your Account ID, End-entity Certificate file content, and End-entity Certificate key file content    
```

    |Parameters|Description|
    |--------------------|--------------------|

>     |Account ID|Temporal Cloud account ID to be used as part of metrics endpoint URL: https://<account_id>.tmprl.cloud/prometheus.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |Account ID|Temporal Cloud account ID to be used as part of the metrics endpoint URL: `https://<account_id>.tmprl.cloud/prometheus`.|
```

>     |End-entity Certificate file content|Content of End-entity Certificate for secure access and communication with Metrics Endpoint.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |End-entity certificate file content|Contents of the end-entity certificate for secure access and communication with the Metrics endpoint.|
```

>     |End-entity Certificate key file content|Content of End-entity Certificate key for secure access and communication with Metrics Endpoint.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |End-entity certificate key file content|Content of the end-entity certificate key for secure access and communication with the Metrics endpoint.|
```

> 2. Click the Save button to save your settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **Save** button to save your settings.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> The Temporal Cloud integration collects and forwards Frontend Service metrics, Poll metrics, Replication lag metrics, Schedule metrics, Service latency metrics and Workflow metrics to Datadog. See [metadata.csv][4] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [metadata.csv][4] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```
The above is a magic phrase that embeds the table of metrics in the integration doc. It needs to be the only text under the Metrics heading in order for the code that inserts the table to work.
